async recommendations (#2727)
encode/httpx: docs/async.md

async with httpx.AsyncClient() as client:
    ...
```

> Note that there is some overhead to instantiating and terminating the client object, so it's recommended to avoid building the client using `async with` repeatedly inside a "hot loop". This can be achieved either by having a single scoped client that's passed throughout wherever it's needed, or by having a single global client instance.

Author: good point. Feel free to suggest, I'll make a new commit with a suggestion too.

    ...
```

!!! warning

> Note that there is some overhead to instantiating and terminating the client object, so it's recommended to avoid building the client using `async with` repeatedly inside a "hot loop". This can be achieved by having a single global client instance which will provide automatic connection pooling.

Reviewer: I've made a suggestion based on your first pass, but with a positive phrasing...

```suggestion
In order to get the most benefit from connection pooling, make sure you're not instantiating multiple client instances. This can be achieved either by having a single scoped client that's passed throughout wherever it's needed, or by having a single global client instance.
```

What do you think?

Author: Hm I think it's really import to be explicit about not using async with in hot loops. Thinking back to when I started with python async, the suggested text here would probably not be enough for me to understand clearly that I was going against recommended practices. How about:

```
In order to get the most benefit from connection pooling, make sure you're not instantiating multiple client instances - for example by using `async with` repeatedly inside a "hot loop".
```
Best of both worlds?
